The reason the negative scenario tests failed is because we are expecting a illegal argument exception
to be thrown, but nothing was thrown.
The reason behind it?
We go back to the test implementation go  the first negative scenario test where we are passing null
value to the greet  method.
But we are not getting any illegal argument exception because we have stubbed out the greeting service
implementation and we need to stub out or mark out this particular scenario as well.
In the test, which is very simple.
We use to throw do throw from Mockito
This guy needs the exception that should be thrown  illegal argument exception dot class when dot when
the call service outside the bracket dot greet when greet method is invoked with a null argument through
the illegal argument exception.
And then we test the implementation.
We invoke the greet  method.
The great method internally will use the mocked object service object.
It when the mocked  service objects greet method is invoked with null, it will throw a illegal argument
exception.
Now if you run the test, go here run the test again.
Two tests should pass, go back to the Junit on the left, see, two or  green, only one has failed.
You can simply copy this do throw  and paste it in the next test where we are passing a blank value instead
of null.
The greet method receives a blank value.
And here when we are Stubing, we need to pass this blank value.
So we are saying telling Mockito throw  a illegal argument exception when the service greet method is
invoked with blank and in the service implementation.
If you see this, if name is equal to null or name dot length is equal to zero through illegal argument
exception.
That is the scenario we are mocking  right now so that our object or class under test can be tested,
run again.
Everything should be green this time.
There we go, all green, all happy.
So you have  successfully used J Unit five and Mockito together to test positive and negative scenarios with
three simple steps or  four simple steps.
First, this extends  with then mock annotation.
Inject mocks  and then do appropriate method  level Stubing.